good afternoon see the first part of the 5th lesson
in it we will look at working with
tools to find out the list
available tools need to lead
command tool can be led as with one with
higher so with two available to us
c clear 3 tools
ripple brush lr dishes food feel for want
gave three
and lymph all tools except brush and we
analyze in this issue for brushes I
singled out all the individual tools of the world
edit binds to tools from
minecraft change their core
destination to bind
tool to the tool holding the right
in his hands with a leaf to enter a command
tool start parsing with the command
tsifer
claire what does this tool do he
changes block data i.e. changes
the color of the wool of the oil blocks and the same
the position of the loaf
to change color or type you need to click
right mouse button
to change lesson type more precisely
position needs to be poured into the rescue once
pressed such more than 2 pressing such third
without a blog at all
if the desire to departure lip ax is not
there will be ordinary values ​​i.e. it will
hack cut it such but again with me
I will take
and you do not touch also remain
tool even if u throw out and pick up
will be the same as you tool
tied to yde
To remove from the place of steam you need to enter
tamado nom
everything
now it is an ordinary ax
the next tool is 3
need to write 3 and the type of tree in this
I will leave without a case
defaults to normal tree and using
right click we grow believe i
on the mouse button no top gives
So for example, you mean the type of random
grows a random tree without
available game
the next available tool and
the ripple allows you to replace one unit
another
let's try oh well fish and let our
favourite
rather my golden fist now if
McCready click finally god he will
change but
for quick change and block type replacing
you just need to connect to it
java mouse button so i click on it
written too will now be replaced by
tree try we see here and
replaced by a weight
come alive on the dashing grass they were at
me center
tool and write build allows
build us to put blocks at a distance
for this you need to write
write build specify 1 de god and he for
left mouse button and 2 1 block to edit
pebbles
let's try limb is blocks
from mouse click on fire fire fire
there is also a fill tool
this is a food tool phyl biorobot need
specify the start of the foot and have idi block n
which will replace cabitt also 41 and
radius in which will replace let's
launcher 4 in my opinion if I remember the radius
maximum 6 and minimum 1 let's
try to click in the request
as you can see the grooves this tool replaces
one-type contiguous slides around
the god of the trams is almost like ours
the creature fell only on a large scale
how can we decorate what
the goal is to color on the figure probably many
annoying punish players on server
the tree trunk is cut down and the stove remains
and flying foliage
how the developers came up and for that
tool called daughtry
affairs 3
what is he doing here for example
someone took him loved the table leaving
foliage and happens ocean kingdom just
ordinary activists do not disappear
top through like asphalt but so we
we can click once and all empty foliage
without trunks disappear exactly useful
server tool give again
try to take
Click on this axis of the neighboring one.
from this there are 8 also remove and now
the keys are all fine
alternatives also exist
wooden ax and you for separating this
for monkey tool
It allows you to select a region on
distance I will return the reeds first position
right click 2 for me so very
it is even convenient to eat here
very comfortable
and last on this part of the lesson
tool is tool info
and the background of the video that's what he does to us
gives full information about his work
which moths
grow strong and opposition to his ideas
his additional de and now I do not know
what for 14 also tool
tie a simpleton hand but it is not very
conveniently
let's try apple 41
as you can see it works the first part is
the lesson is over and with you was about punk
until